Zongchao Mo:

1. Summary of the report.
This research investigated the sleeping hour of some selected animal species and
carry out rigorous explorative analysis by using principal component analysis. Also,
this research investigated the number of principal components that explain larger
variability within the dataset and determine the contribution of each variables to
the principal component.
2. Describe the strengths of the report.
This research applied dimension reduction and showed further discussion for the
results properly.
3. Describe the weaknesses of the report.
The figure legend is not presented for most of the figures although thorough
description has been made for each figure. The meaning of each tag in the figure
should be clearly presented. Moreover, the tag within some plot are heavily
overlapped.
4. Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing (1-5)
Point 4. The report is clearly written and well organized in structure. The reference
is properly cited. No obvious grammar error could be found. If possible, please add
detail figure legend for each figure.
5. Evaluation on Technical Quality (1-5)
Point 5. The results are technically sound. Claims are well-supported by theoretical
analysis or experimental results. Researchers could replicate these results by
following the description.
6. Overall rating: (5- My vote as the best-report. 4- A good report. 3- An average one.
2- below average. 1- a poorly written one).
Rating: 4
7. Confidence on your assessment (1-3) (3- I have carefully read the paper and
checked the results, 2- I just browse the paper without checking the details, 1- My
assessment can be wrong)
Confidence: 2







Yuqia Wu:

Summary of the project:
The exhibition format of this project is a report. In the project, the authors used
PCA(principal component analysis) to analyse two data set, Animal sleeping and Heart
disease, to determine the number of principal components required to explain most information
of the original data.
Strengths and Weaknesses:
The authors introduce PCA and how to find principal components and how to calculate
variance of each principal components. They find a good topic: the relationship
between variables and principal component and how many principal components are
needed. However, I do not really understand what Figure 4, Figure 5 and Figure 8 are
trying to express. Maybe the authors can give more details or comments about them.
Also, I think the methods applied to two dataset are similar, maybe one is enough. Finally,
the report only give the conclusion based on numerical experience but no other
detailed explanation. I am interested how to determine how many principal components
required without any experience result. In other words, given a data matrix, is there any
other way to predict the required principal components in advance?
Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing: 3
I think the organization of report is not so good. Firstly, the author does not use a format
of a technical report and the report is a little long. The layout of text and graphics is
not good. Also, The author failed to give a detailed explanation to some figures shown
in the report.
Evaluation on Technical Quality: 2
The technique used in the report are reasonable. And I think the evaluation is appropriate.
But I think the method used is repeated. I think it is appropriate to use two
methods on one data set, but it is redundant to use one method in two dataset.
Overall Rate: 2
Confidence on your assessment: 2






Jiayi Li:

Making use of PCA to reduce uncorrelated features when make regression model to analyze animal sleeping data.
Strength: The analysis is well organized and clearly illustrated.
Weakness: Could try more methods of data reduction.
Evaluation on Clarity: 5
Evaluation on Technical Quality:4
Overall rating:4.5
Confidence on your assessment: 2 








Zp Wu:

• Summary of the report
The authors applied the PCA to two different datasets to Animal sleeping and Heart disease datasets, They find the number of principal components required to explain most variability in the datasets.
•	Describe the strengths of the report
 Beyond PCA, they also use Horn Parallel method to their data.
•	Describe the weaknesses of the report
  Maybe they add more analysis to the component they find.  Just focus on one dataset should be enough.
• Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing: 3
• Evaluation on Technical Quality: 3
• Overall rating: 3
• Confidence on your assessment: 4



Ng Yui Hong:

Summary: Perform PCA on animal sleeping data and heart attack data. Analyze the principal components by employing variance and how it  representation of variable of interest
Strength: Good visualization through correlation and polar plot which gives a more complete view of data and principal components. Employ different techniques like horn’s parallel analysis.
Weakness: can discuss more about how conventional PCA perform compared to fancier PCA like robust PCA.
Clarity of Quality of Writing:	3
Technical Quality:		3
Overall Rating: 		3
Confidence: 			2






JHA:

Summary: The animal sleeping and heart disease dataset is analysed using PCA followed by analysis of variance. The authors also conduct Hornﾕs parallel analysis to show the correct amount of variance to be  

Strength: Detailed analysis of different tools under PCA was done.  

Weakness: Some explanation about the dataset should be added for first case and some figures are redundant. Also other methods of dimensionality reduction could be useful to find relevant features. 

Clarity and Quality: 4 

Technical quality: 3 

Overall Rating: 3 

Confidence: 3 








Samruddhi：

Summary of the report: The authors have performed Principle Component Analysis on two datasets: The animal sleeping dataset and the heart disease dataset. They have analysed the variance explained by different principle components for these two datasets and also analysed what factor of each of the features is present in the first principle component.
Describe the strengths of the report: 
1.	Theory related to Principle Component Analysis is well explained. 
2.	The authors have used different kinds of plots to visualize the amount of variance captured by different principle components. 
3.	Effects of different features on the significant principle components are explained. 
4.	Horn’s parallel analysis is used to justify the retention of a subset of principle components.
Describe the weaknesses of the report: 
1.	While the analysis performed is itself comprehensive, the authors could explain the correlations between different features before performing PCA using a scatterplot matrix and then justify the weights of these features in the dominant principle components. 
2.	The scree plot and the polar plot are both used to show the variance captured by different principle components, which seems redundant since we can achieve the same interpretation with any one of them.
3.	For the first dataset, different features in the dataset could have been explained like the authors have done for the second dataset.
Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing (1-5): 4
The report is well written and sufficient references are included. Sufficient theory related to Principle Component Analysis is also mentioned. 
As mentioned above, the polar plots seem redundant if we have the scree plots for principle components. If the polar plots help interpret the results better, the authors can mention that in the text.
Evaluation on Technical Quality (1-5): 4
The experimental results given by the authors are aligned with expectation set in the introduction. Principle components are chosen not arbitrarily but by using Horn’s parallel analysis. There are sufficient visualizations used to justify this choice as well. The authors could have interpreted the results better and accessed the pros and cons of their approach.
Overall rating: 3
Confidence on your assessment (1-3): 3

