Hanze Dong:

Summary: This project considers to conduct experiments on a small mammal dataset using
typical dimensionality reduction approaches such as PCA, LLE, Modified LLE, MDS, t-SNE, etc. to
get low dimensional data visualization. Reduced dimensional data visualization provides
researchers with an intuitive way to display interrelation among high-dimensional features.
Some implicit elements that may affect mammals’ sleeping hours and life span are revealed.
Strengths: This work gives a more detailed analysis and clear images to clarify the role of
dimensionality reduction
Weaknesses: It would be better if you can add more theoretical explanations to compare
different algorithms
Clarity: 5
Technical Quality: 4
Overall rating: 4
Confidence: 3




Jiamin Wu:

Summary of the report.
The report of group 4 uses different dimensionality reduction methods including PCA, LLE, MLLE, MDS, t-SNE, etc. to reduce dimensionality on the ‘Sleep in Mammals’ dataset and visualize them. After visualization, they analysis the result for elements that affect mammals’ sleeping hours and life span. After proper dimension deduction, the accuracy may not change that much.
Describe the strengths of the report. 
1.	There is a clear problem define part.
2.	Before experiments, they clean the data first.
3.	Different dimensionality reduction methods are compared.
Describe the weaknesses of the report.
1.	There are some grammar issues.
Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing (1-5): 4
The report clearly written with figures and well designed. I don’t find any problems with style, formatting, references, etc. in the report. There are some grammar issues that for session 3.1.3: ‘The reasons … are because…’ will be better to change to ‘The reasons … are that…’ and ‘does not exist’ instead of ‘does not exists’.
Evaluation on Technical Quality (1-5): 5
The results technically sound with obvious flaws in the reasoning. Claims well-supported by theoretical analysis or experimental results. The experiments well thought out and convincing. It is easy for other researchers to replicate these results from the notebook. The evaluation appropriate. Relevant papers cited, discussed, and compared to the presented work.
Overall rating: 4 
A good report. 
Confidence on your assessment (1-3): 3
I have carefully read the paper and checked the results.






Chiyu Ma:

•	Summary: 
 	This report applies PCA and many manifold learning algorithms to mammal dataset. Many visualized results are given and relation among different statistics are revealed.
•	Strengths and weaknesses:
 	This report applies many different techniques, which make the result substantial. And explanation of numerical results is also clear. It could be better to give some more biological conclusion. 
•	Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing: 4
•	Evaluation on Technical Quality: 5
•	Overall rating: 5
•	Confidence on your assessment: 2




JHA：

Summary: Animal Sleeping data set was used with multiple dimensionality reduction methods (PCA, RPCA, LLE, TSNE) were implemented by the authors. 

Strength: Quite through and detailed analysis of results. The figures are relevant and cover the subject well. 

Weakness: Some comparisons between the different methods could be added 

Clarity and Quality: 5 

Technical quality: 4 

Overall Rating: 4 

Confidence:  3 





Samruddhi：

Summary of the report: The authors have performed dimensionality reduction on Mammal dataset using PCA, LLE, Modified LLE, MDS, T-SNE and other approaches. An analysis is done about the factors that influence mammals’ sleeping time and life span. 
Describe the strengths of the report:
1.	Expectations and goals of the project are made clear.
2.	Dataset is explained well.
3.	A section about the methods and libraries used is also added. The authors have also provided justification about why using Sparse PCA does not make sense for the dataset they are considering.
4.	The analysis of different factors on sleep hours and life span is quite comprehensive and effort has been made to interpret the results.
5.	Visualizations are used to show the effects of different dimensionality reduction techniques on the considered dataset.
Describe the weaknesses of the report:
1.	In figures 3 and 4, the labels for the axes are very small and cannot be seen.
2.	Authors could add short descriptions to the different dimensionality reduction techniques they have used for the sake of thoroughness and mention their advantages and drawbacks in different scenarios.
3.	The visualizations are useful in understanding the effect of different features on the sleeping time and life span. However, adding some data in table format would make the report more readable.
4.	Authors could give references to the different dimensionality reduction techniques they have used in the project.
Evaluation on Clarity and quality of writing (1-5):  4
The report is well written, the dataset and experimental tools are clearly mentioned, and valid conclusions are drawn based on results obtained.
As mentioned above, the authors could cite the dimensionality reduction techniques they have used in the project and add short descriptions about them.
Evaluation on Technical Quality (1-5): 4
The results are technically sound and valid conclusions are drawn from the experiments performed.
Overall rating: 4
Confidence on your assessment (1-3): 3
